Add confirm_message to toggle-bool-switch (#498)
platanus/activeadmin_addons: docs/toggle_bool.md

 `toggle_bool_column :paid, if: proc { |item| item.price.present? }`
 
 `toggle_bool_column :paid, unless: proc { |item| item.is_free? }`

 ### Confirmation message

 Optionally, you can provide a confirmation message to the user before updating the value.
  

>  This is disabled by default, but can be enabled by adding the option `confirm_message`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This is disabled by default, but can be enabled by adding a option:
 - `confirm_message` (on/off),
 - `confirm_on_message` (on),
 - `confirm_off_message` (off)
```

 `toggle_bool_column :paid, if: proc { |item| item.price.present? }`
 
 `toggle_bool_column :paid, unless: proc { |item| item.is_free? }`

>  ### Confirmation message
> 
>  Optionally, you can provide a confirmation message to the user before updating the value.
>   
>  This is disabled by default, but can be enabled by adding a option:
>  - `confirm_message` (on/off),
>  - `confirm_on_message` (on),
>  - `confirm_off_message` (off)
>    
>  `toggle_bool_column :paid, confirm_message: 'Are you sure you want to toggle this switch?'`
>   
>  If the user cancels the confirmation, the update action will be aborted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 ### Confirmation message

 Optionally, you can provide a confirmation message to the user before updating the value.
  
 This is disabled by default, but can be enabled by adding the `confirm_message` option. Optionally, you can add the `confirm_message_trigger` option to choose when to toggle the confirm message, possible values are:
 - `both` (default),
 - `on`
 - `off`
   
 `toggle_bool_column :paid, confirm_message: 'Are you sure you want to toggle this switch?', confirm_message_trigger: 'on'`
  
 If the user cancels the confirmation, the update action will be aborted.
```
